*Name*

Brandon Slattery

*Position(s) you are running for*

Central Committee

*What kinds of things would you expect to advocate for within the leadership? This could be a question of strategy, political priorities, projects, initiatives, etc.*

We should never lose sight of our long-term strategy to "build a party over 40 years by organizing the unorganized." When the organization was founded, we set ourselves apart from other groups by slowly and steadily building our base through our "serve the people" programs. While we should certainly continue to do this, I believe we have built our forces enough that we should begin to play a more visible role in citywide politics. An example is our participation in the DARE MLK Day march. Now that we have a reputation as an important player in left-wing politics in Philadelphia, we can approach coalition politics from a position of strength rather than the desperation that fuels much activist networking. I am also in favor of doing more "fight the power" activities, such as attending protests with a visible contingent. I think the Solidarity Network fills this role well by giving us opportunities to organize our own protests. 

Finally, we need to constantly ask ourselves what we should be doing over the next four years to be in a position to run a viable City Council candidate in 2019.  Some examples include increasing our fundraising capacity, growing our ranks of active members/cadre, and providing skills training workshops. I think that type of success in the electoral arena, combined with building dual power through our "serve the people" programs, would garner the type of positive attention from the left that we are looking for in order to build a larger movement.

*What qualities or positive attributes would you bring to the organizational leadership?*

I have a lot of experience in political organizing, both in mainstream progressive and Socialist/Communist organizations. I was a community organizer for the AFL-CIO, a union organizer for UNITE-HERE, and I have worked on many electoral campaigns. I was in the elected leadership of the Young Communist League USA for 10 years, and on the District Committee of the Communist Party of Eastern PA & DE. I have studied Marxism extensively, both on my own and in classroom settings. But I am most proud of my three terms on the Central Committee of Philly Socialists. My skills according to Gallup Strengths Finder include winning others over, connectedness, communication, adaptability, and strategic. I will continue to use these skills in the service of this organization to the best of my ability. I am also artistic and I have a very good eye for detail!

*If elected, what do you see yourself doing for the organization next year?*

First and foremost, I would like to apply my experience as an organizer and a strategic thinker to help our three branches grow in size and scope. I think that if we are successful, we could either split those branches in two or enter a new geographic area such as North Philadelphia around Temple. I would like to work with new leaders to train them how to recruit, table, and run events. In my branch, I would like to help start a solidarity network in the Kensington Branch, either leading or helping to lead it. 

*What do you think are the group's biggest strengths? What will you do to help build on these strengths?*

I think our greatest strength is our practical application of ideology and science to guide our everyday work. We understand the lessons of previous socialist movements' successes and failures, and how to apply them. We have a vision for the future, and how to get there from here, that far surpasses the rest of the organized left. For example, our emphasis on work rather than talk and running projects that serve the community rather than political posturing gives us credibility. Our non-sectarian structure with no prohibitions on factionalism or dual membership shows the fractured left a way forward. Our emphasis on consistency and follow-through rather than reinventing the wheel has been responsible for much of our success. We are constantly searching for new data to integrate into our ideology and daily work. We have some of the brightest and most talented people on the left as active members and supporters. The more success we have in our projects and organizational growth, the more we will attract new talent that will push us towards transforming not just quantitatively but qualitatively.

*What are our group's biggest weaknesses? What will you do to help mitigate or downplay our weaknesses?*

Our biggest weakness right now is consistency. We have had many missed opportunities because people have dropped the ball on their commitments. We have also at times had unrealistic expectations about our capacity and the extent of our members' time commitment, causing us to overextend ourselves. We have improved the amount of time it takes to contact people after they sign up at our tabling events. But in the past, many potential members have fallen through the cracks because we did not contact them while our interaction with them was still fresh in their mind. Every time we table, we need to have an event planned that we can invite our new contacts to. We should do as much outreach as possible, tabling at every public event we hear about. Also, despite the growth of our organization's numbers, we haven't done the best job at retention. I think some attrition is natural, which is why I advocate so much outreach. However, there is much more we can do to promote retention. As our organization has grown bigger, it has become more disjointed both geographically and in terms of activities. We need more events that will build density within the social network of our organization and our members' close ties. Finally, I think we need more political education. We do an adequate job of communicating our organization's values to our members. But we could do much more outside of the Theory Listserv to educate our members and supporters on Marxist theory (classic and contemporary) and current political events.

*Give us an idea of some of the kinds of things you have done on behalf of the group. What kind of work have you done for Philly Socialists?*

At this point, I have done a lot of different types of work for Philly Socialists. I have been active since Spring of 2011, and I have served three terms on the Central Committee. I have tutored ESL classes in North and South Philly. I have cooked and served food at Red Plenty. I have worked on the Community Garden in Kensington, and procured supplies such as our raised beds. I have helped with the early stages of founding the West and South Philly branches. I have participated in West Philly's Solidarity Network. In 2012, when I was the organization's Spokesperson, I spearheaded our membership drive, encouraging people active in the organization to officially join and sign up to pay dues. I was also very active in the Outreach Committee and the Special Projects Committee. In 2013 as the Membership & Outreach Coordinator, I helped plan and run every tabling event and recruitment meeting we had. Through repeated data entry, I have elevated interpreting indecipherable scrawling on our member sign-up sheets to an art form. I don't think I've missed a Central Committee meeting since early 2012. I also prepared and presented a workshop on "Philly Politics 101" for the advanced class at the leadership retreat last year. In the next year, I hope to do a lot more work to build the organization!

*Other comments?*

My MC name is Grand Theft Autotune. My campaign kickoff event will be tomorrow (Jan. 21) at the Fantasy Panther show at The Barbary. Lead singer and PS member Eddie Gieda will be my honorary campaign chair!