**Central Committee**

The Central Committee will transition into a spokescouncil capable of quickly responding to political events with statements or actions, and seizing opportunities in a rapidly evolving political environment. Specifically, the CC will be responsible for recruitment on a citywide basis, political education and leadership development, managing the treasury, conducting public relations (social media,general announcements, and communications containing substantial political content), fostering ties with movements and other organziations, and fundraising. To aid it in this work, the CC may empower members to carry out these functions on either an ad hoc or permanent basis. Individuals vested with these responsibilities may be asked to report on their work to the General Assembly, which may overrule any assignments made by the CC. 

Furthermore, projects, individuals, and other organs within Philly Socialists should do so in consultation with the Central Committee or its empowered agent. The CC or its empowered agent shall have the authority to block public communications made on behalf of Philly Socialists it deems unrepresentative or inappropriate. The CC should use this authority with maximum discretion. The General Assembly may overrule the CC's determinations. 

The CC is a grueling responsibility, and has historically tended to burn people out. For this reason, as well as in the interests of making it easier to come to consensus quickly, I propose we devolve the CC from 7 members down to 5.
